<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="adobe-programs.dita">
    <title>How to Save Files from the Adobe Creative Cloud</title>
    <shortdesc>The Adobe Creative Cloud has a lot of excellent software available to use. If you are unsure of how to use a program, be sure to visit the Adobe Creative Cloud website for their helpful tutorials. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This manual will show you how to login to the system and save your work.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Login to the Creative Cloud using the same login information that you did to get on the computer.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open whichever applications you'd like to use and conduct whatever designing you need on the application.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When you have finished or made sufficient progress on your project, upload it
                    to an online drive <i>or</i> a flash drive <i>and</i> save it to your
                    Cloud.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save a file to your Cloud by clicking "file" and then "save as Cloud file"</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>Remember that any file left on the desktop will be <i>deleted</i>. <b>It is best to
                save your files both in the Cloud and on your own drive. </b><p/>Even if you are not
            on a Virginia Tech computer, you can access your Guest Creative Cloud account for an
            extra week from the last day of your AirClassroom Lease.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
