<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-room-rearrange">
    <title>How to Rearrange the Classroom</title>
   <shortdesc>The room can be rearranged to better suit your needs if you prefer a meeting style to the lecture/workshop set up.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq> Make sure the Mac desktop computers are unplugged before you begin moving the tables.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>When you come in to the room, the default set up is rows of computers side by side on their desks. This set up is good for a lecture or workshop environment because each individual has their own station.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Move unplugged computers off the desks and gently place them on the floor away from the center of the room.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pull the chairs away from the desks and line them up in front of the computers.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Push the desks into a large rectangle, or smaller squares. You can do this by attaching four desks together to make a small square, or by making 4 separate rows with all of the desks. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Now you can place the computers back on the desks as or if needed, and plug them into the floor outlets. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place whatever computers that are not being used gently in the cabinet at the back of the room.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq><b>Remember that all AirClassroom guests sign a waiver saying that they are
                responsible for any damage caused to the classroom and its contents, therefore be
                careful maneuvering the equipment.</b><p/> If you feel that you need assistance
            rearranging, call the maintenance number 765-555-3464.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
